This is a head-gum original.
We can all call it.
Not only friendship, but also in terms of technology.
Right, so the episode has started, but if you can notice,
Emma and Joel are still setting up.
Mostly Emma, because Joel is not really lifting finger
in terms of the technology.
I don't know if he thinks that, you know, he doesn't have to
go on the text side of things.
Was it fine that it's a David Cross's name on that TV?
It's not fine.
It should say that had gumbagos.
Yeah.
Because, well, actually, it could be good promotion.
You're not going to see it.
Do you see it?
I can see it on the webcam.
Yeah.
But it's good.
It's a good cross promotion.
Because like, that's what I feel like we've gotten away
from on this show is using it as a vehicle for cross promo.
David Cross promo.
That's really good.
Everybody.
Get to it.
Get stupid.
Get started.
Let's get it started.
Here.
Yep.
It's hard, because I'm wearing this giant ass gumball hat
that Marty gave me.
He said, where this?
He spat on me when he said, where this by the way.
It looks like you're on the phone right now.
Sorry.
It sounds like it.
This one's like, yeah.
No, the address.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I've never seen someone wear something that looks like more like a choice
that they personally made.
Then we're going to have a lot.
I walked in.
Well, first of all, I walked into the L.A. studio.
I saw a Mercedes-Benz courtesy car in the marking lot.
Which, and then I went in and immediately
Razz Marty, because I was like the Jewag and already
broke down.
He's only had it for like two months.
It's already in the fucking shop.
And you said it's a car that often breaks down or something.
Of course.
If you're not having the Toyota, if you're not having the Mazderati,
then you're going with the European Beamer,
which doesn't mean quality on the engine side.
That just means quality on the interiors.
So he can have the leather,
but it doesn't mean that he's not going to be in the shop twice a year.
I see.
Do you see or are you going to get the fucking bends?
Because I feel like stick with the Mazderati for now, right?
I've actually saved a lot of money by not caring about cars.
Really?
Yeah.
If I liked that Audi stuff,
if I would have been like,
I would have had like 30,000 less dollars.
Would you call yourself when it comes to cars in Amy?
Meaning?
Because you're either in any year you have an Audi.
Emma and Joel are with us.
I've got those two muppets that are always up in the balcony.
Which ones are they?
balcony or that's us in the balcony?
Because they haven't said anything yet.
That was the first movie I ever saw in theaters.
Muppets in outer space.
Was the Muppets movie starring Jason Siggle?
I don't know who to start.
I was like Stephen Siggle.
Jason lives in Ohio, by the way.
And, uh, Ohio.
Welcome to the headgum podcast.
Look at that.
What a cold open.
It's like an opening monologue.
You know how to keep it ice cold in your job.
The rising starts early.
Yeah.
And it gets to me early.
How dare you, Emma?
Sorry.
I know if I'm going to host this show.
I have to let like thicker skin because I've already come for me.
And if you can't dish it out, can't take it.
Don't take it.
Yeah.
If you can't dish it out, don't give it.
What is it?
Like you can't take it.
Don't teach it out.
That's totally not the same.
Don't dish it out.
You can't take it.
Yeah.
Right?
That's what you do.
Anything I say in this hat sounds a little more intelligent, I think.
It's alright to like have converse.
Like none of you guys are adding to the conversation.
How do you imagine this working?
One frame on them, one frame on us, or is it like individual shots?
It's dual time.
Just two and two.
Two and two.
Two shots.
I think that works.
So none of this specific to camera stuff.
We might go specific to camera for in terms of punching up jokes.
Yeah.
Well, don't just say, yeah, like you're the active listening sometimes puts me off because
I feel like you're not actually listening.
You're just waiting for your next turn to speak.
Does that make sense?
Mm-hmm.
So Marty's only on the G-Wagon for one, two months and it's already in the show.
Curtis Eagle.
I walk into the studio.
I look up and he's wearing this.
I'm wearing the gumball hat.
It's a big hat.
It's like a 20 and 5-8 hat.
Like the hat makes it look like Jeff is one and a half feet tall.
Exactly.
Yeah.
It's like one of those old popcorn bucket hats that you get at the baseball stadium.
But it's the opposite.
Those were two small to fit on your head.
With your mustache and that hat, you've gone full video game avatar mode.
Yeah, Mario.
Yeah.
The success got to him because he got a big head.
Chuckle funny jokes so far.
Nothing truly laugh out loud.
I will laugh out loud.
Sponsored by audible.
Sponsored by...
Gumball.
Bond of the week.
We got some commentary.
Pretty much similar to...
What we do on this show.
From the world's favorite celebrity at the moment right now, Jeremy Allen White.
What's in this?
That's the W7 fan and I don't want that for me.
In fact, an American shouldn't play a W7 in general.
Even if it is me, in my opinion.
But that's very flattering.
The Sean Connery was definitely my James Bond.
Although, I mean, the thought Daniel Craig was so great.
And I love all the recent films.
I feel like it's been a really long time.
Like guys pick a month.
We want to know.
That's funny.
It's funny because he is jacked.
So anything.
He said a little bit of funny.
That's why people think Ryan Reynolds is funny.
Do people think that?
Is he jacked?
Both questions and two things I just said.
I said people think Ryan Reynolds is funny because he's jacked.
And she was like, is he funny?
And then it's like, is he jacked?
I'm not an unreliable narrator to them.
I don't know if it's the coastal difference.
The time difference.
If something gets lost in translation across continent.
I think nobody trusts you.
Nobody asks.
Nobody trusts you.
I didn't say ask or jeeps.
What is it about me?
You think I'm being facetious all the time?
Because of the way that my face looks and what I say?
Yeah.
And you're kind of dumb.
That's true.
Also Ryan has his own helping.
That's not helping trustworthy.
I feel like somebody who wears this really has their wits about them.
Don't just say, mmm, agree or don't.
I disagree that.
Thanksgiving.
Let's talk about it.
To me, there's four categories here to get to four bullet points.
Number one is obviously gratitude.
Number two is family.
Number three is stuffing.
And number four is food.
So stuffing just should be a part of food, right?
Well, stuffing is a food that might fall onto the food category.
I don't mean stuffing.
By stuffing.
Sorry.
Maybe I shouldn't have named it that.
By stuffing.
I don't mean the side.
You mean jamming side.
I think inside something else.
Exactly right.
Basically when you go home to your hometown.
The Wednesday before Thanksgiving.
Everybody goes to that bar.
You know, that's certain hometown bar.
And are you sort of consummating a high school crush years later?
No.
But I go to my end.
So I don't go away with high school.
How is this not a company show anymore?
How are we talking about Thanksgiving and gratitude?
We're bringing everything up.
Let's just start gratitude then.
I am grateful to the network.
Right?
I don't know.
I don't fucking care.
See the thing is, up to their ad package.
Really?
I appreciate that.
And I appreciate the ad sales team for getting us there.
It's cool.
We had to kind of touch our way through some problematic copy to get to the point where, you know,
we're almost leaving every week with a G.
Uh-huh.
E-O-F-F-R-E-Y.
Right?
Let's talk about gratitude.
What do you guys think before?
I went.
I was a little bit zealous by saying I was thankful to the network.
Because before this, I mean, we started 20 minutes late because
David Cross gets special treatment.
The L.A. Studio never set up.
And then on, you're like, you're interrupting my meetings.
I'm like, well, that's because the studio never works.
Right?
The logic tech adapter?
Not plugged in.
You're off the grateful thing.
So quick.
That's right.
What are you guys grateful for?
Let's start with Joel.
I am grateful for my voice.
I only become grateful about things after I've lost them temporarily.
And last week, I couldn't talk for two days.
So now it feels great to vocalize.
What happened?
I don't really know.
You just woke up one day and you couldn't talk.
Yeah.
So I don't really get sick.
And I wasn't sick.
I also don't like admitting being sick.
You weren't.
You were.
He was sick.
I was a little bit sick, but mostly just couldn't talk.
Emma?
What I'm grateful for?
Yeah.
Um.
Sasha also, if you lost your voice last week.
No.
I was sick, but I didn't lose my voice.
Um, and I'm still sick.
But I get sick.
I do kind of like a two weeks off one week on being sick.
And then it's like that.
I'm sorry.
I get sick.
I'm not familiar.
Well, they say I get sad.
I've never heard of.
This is.
But anyway.
I want to start the episode.
I feel like we got to the studio a bunch of energy.
And then just because of how long we took to set up everything.
I started to get pissed.
And then it's like.
So I'm trying to.
Yeah.
Take it.
We're trying to.
With this.
Well, it's.
I'm here on his phone.
I appreciate your guys.
It's full attention.
But what are you grateful for?
Uh, I'm grateful for the moments in which I get people's full attention.
I'm grateful for my family.
But that's a different category of this.
So I almost don't want to say it.
I'm grateful for my friend for you.
Yeah.
I'm grateful for my friend.
Hey, I'm grateful for all my fallen enemies.
That we may defeat them once again.
Is that from something?
That's a.
That's from what I just said.
I'm grateful for the audience.
They've stuck with us through the buy and buy through the gloaming.
Our audience has stuck with us through the thin and thinner.
You write.
So not thick and thin.
There was no thick.
There wasn't density.
Of course.
Then and it got even more thin.
Would you say it was density of mistakes that thinned the rest?
This is exactly what I'm talking about.
For anyone to be listening to this at all is sort of a.
A huge sort of family.
Yeah.
And I'm grieving.
Sure.
To the family category.
Yeah.
What are your.
Let's start here.
What's your relationship like with your dad, Joel?
Fantastic.
Okay.
What about Mrs. Joel?
That's my mom.
No, your wife.
Yeah, your mom.
Don't say it like that.
I forgot Joel's last name was Joel.
It's like bull bull, but it's Joel Joel.
When it's Joel, it passed me around Joel.
A fruit ball.
Because I was born right before I was a shana.
That's not bad at all.
I don't mind that from Joel.
Joel.
A bull bull for Joel.
Exactly.
Did you ever get bulled over or maybe Joel'd over?
No, but I did get my haircut in a bowl for a while.
Is that true?
Yeah.
How would you get a bowl?
Really.
Well, you can still put a bowl on top and cut around it.
It doesn't matter what.
Well, I'm sorry.
You got to keep up.
You got to keep up today.
Come on.
You can put a bowl around anything.
Yeah.
Emma, what about you?
What's your relationship like with your siblings?
Do you have any siblings?
Yes.
I have two younger sisters.
Are you sort of a second mother to them?
Or did you kind of leave them out to dry?
To one of them not to the other.
Okay.
Because you chose favorites.
So there's two big of an age gap.
Yeah.
You have an age gap thing.
Okay.
How old is she?
Four?
Twenty one?
Eight years younger than I am.
That's a little too young.
Have a good relationship with.
Wouldn't you say me?
No.
Well, you're the youngest, right?
Yeah.
And my older brothers.
Eight years older than me.
We have a great relationship.
So I wouldn't say it's too young.
I have a good relationship with her.
Okay.
I don't know why you're getting mad at me.
Because I'm the one who said it.
What's your relationship like with your two brothers?
Obviously you're closer with Ben.
The other one's sort of dead meat chopliver to you.
No.
Close to both of them.
What's the difference?
What do you think the difference is?
Like, one's more fraternal.
The other one's more.
I don't know.
One is just eight years older than me.
One is four years older than me.
I don't know.
It's like kids every four years.
But weirdly the four year?
You're not as close with.
Because it was almost like competition.
Which younger blue and so is it going to be the next doctor?
We only have one doctor.
That's true.
No.
My oldest brother's a doctor as well.
Don't say no like you're getting frustrated.
You're not being clear with me about your family tree.
I'm being really sick.
I'm being my oldest brother's a doctor.
And your eldest brother works in law.
My eldest brother is the doctor.
But the middle brother is so let's move on to stuffing.
Okay.
Then let's get stuff with information about your brother's working back to family.
We'll just one's a doctor.
Middle one is sort of runs.
It was a designer.
For what?
Graphic designer.
Facebook.
Got it.
Moving on to stuffing.
Do you guys tend to stuff yourselves on Thanksgiving?
Yes.
In terms of, I don't want to move too quickly on to food.
So.
So then what is this?
It's well, the category is stuffing.
Yeah.
What do you mean by that?
I don't know.
Do you love something that?
Speaking of family.
That was my sister.
Face time auto doing me.
Because he doesn't get great service where she lives.
He lives with my parents.
In Ohio?
That's a little bit too much information.
Well, my brother does for a living.
I'm just saying what state your sister lives in.
Yeah.
What you're asking for is for me to give a view for vendetta and as per Sarah.
You're going to you're asking me to put her on blast and lambast myself.
You said she lives with her parents.
What else are you saying?
She lives with my parents.
I didn't mean to offer up either of this in pieces of information.
I was the only one who has my back.
In the studio handout.
Mm-hmm.
Stuffing.
I'm here.
Yeah.
Sometimes I'll eat too much.
The food's good.
All right.
I don't know why I was pointing to you to just get that out of you.
Joel, what do you think about stuffing in terms of Thanksgiving?
My...
I've never known what stuffing is.
I will tell you completely honestly that...
Chopped bread with a bunch of spices baked to a crispy thing.
Is that real?
There's no way that's what stuffing is.
Because stuffing goes inside turkey.
Why would you put bread inside turkey?
It is bread.
Okay.
Then it sounds bad.
Sorry.
I do think it's bad.
I don't like stuffing.
It sounds bread.
Moving on to food.
We already have.
What's your favorite side?
What's your favorite Thanksgiving side?
This by the way, this doesn't come out of the summer of eighth.
I feel like me and Joel love stuffing the most,
but that might just be the one thing we have in common.
My...
Emma?
On to make a nice, light chocolate cake.
What's her name, Mavis?
No.
Does she keep typing?
Does she teach typing?
Because she made this cake.
I was.
If I had said that, you would have stared me with the eggors.
But Joel says it.
Joel, sorry, says it.
And then you can't get enough of his shit.
Yeah.
I give him the benefit of the doubt.
And I'll give you the benefit of the gout.
Meaning?
I assume you have some sort of arthritis condition.
Rumatoid, yeah.
I don't prove it.
Otherwise.
I don't have to read it until proving guilty.
Moving on to pickle ball.
What?
That was us discussing Thanksgiving.
I just played pickle ball for the first time last weekend.
Had that go for you.
It was fast.
Okay.
We won Best 3 out of 5.
Who's the...
So, I played doubles.
Did you play with two other people who also didn't play before?
Correct.
Nobody had played before.
See, you went from zero to zero.
Of the game.
You didn't even know that you played a crackling.
What's that?
Do you have any way of knowing that you played correctly?
You have zero way of knowing.
All I know is that you can only win points when it's your serve.
What I don't understand is the 331332.
Please devastatingly pissed at me.
You guys aren't in the room.
You can't feel the anger.
I don't know what I've ever said.
I've never said from all the way over.
I've never said it's palpable.
Moving on from pickle ball.
What did I ever do?
To make you this angered of me to have.
Well, we went from stuffing to food to pickle ball.
And this is the Thanksgiving episode that's coming out in early December.
Well, pickle ball could be a sign.
Pickle ball was by the way.
Because nobody has with my favorite Thanksgiving side.
Pickle ball.
Pickle balls.
Meaning?
You just understand how the points work.
It's a romantic cucumber just rolled into a sack.
All right, here we go.
If you broke your bone and if you broke a bone as an adult, what color cast would you have?
Green.
We're hopping all over the place.
You're going to find all over the place.
You're recording an episode after this when it feels like you're already scraping the bottom of the bear.
I'm saving up all my juice for that one.
I see.
Who's on that one?
Onya Sage and Murika.
The big four.
Also the four ingredients to my pickle balls.
If you broke a bone as an adult, what color cast would you have?
Green.
Green is good.
I don't mind green.
Why?
And you better believe I'm having all my friends sign up.
Okay.
I'm here.
Pink, hot pink.
Pretty cool.
Thank you.
All right.
If you got adult braces, what color would you have?
Let's start with your old orange.
I would never do that, shit.
Okay.
Holy shit.
I'm here.
I'm trying to go invisible.
Okay.
Yep.
If you could redefine your eyes, what color would you have?
If I could redefine them, I'd make them like see through shit.
Okay.
That's not what I meant.
If you could redefine your eyes, what color eyes would you have?
Green.
All right.
You're here.
Also green.
Okay.
If you wanted to change your ethnicity, why would you feel the need to do that?
Also green.
Circling back to food.
Slash things I tried this weekend.
Have you guys ever had grape nuts?
Is that enough?
What kind of wild weekend did you have?
Yeah.
Pickable and ripe grapes nuts?
I'm trying to get healthy.
You're trying to be 70.
Yeah.
That's the craziest cereal I've been playing.
I'm having a whole brand and I'm running less.
Yeah.
I'm wondering what's headgums grape nuts?
Because grape nuts is post the cereal brands grape nuts.
I'm wondering if headgum had sort of a flagship product.
Would it be the headgum podcast?
Would it be segments?
Oh.
Haha.
If anybody says factually, I'm going to get up and leave the room.
Because it's not factually.
I guess if I say it, will you leave?
Well, hang on.
I would say snacks sixes are flagship products.
Kind of a bummer.
All right.
Here we go.
This is our first second.
Well, actually, we should take a quick break.
Do you guys mind?
Please.
For better for worse.
Are you a millennial and Mrs.
With life was like in the 2000s?
Right?
Hard time finding curated or new music.
Are you interested in multiple perspectives on relationships dating and music?
Then you're going to love to see the things.
See, the thing is, it's a podcast hosted by Grammy Award winning R&B artist Bridget Kelly
and podcast Trailblazer, Mandy B.
Twice a week.
Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments.
Critical pop culture conversations in their honest segments and relationship hot take
conversations in their slightly toxic segment.
The opinions on the show are real and brought to you by the genuine connections that the ladies
have with the guests who they like to call their friends with benefits.
Each week, you'll leave with some new music recommendations or a curated playlist that you didn't even know you needed
in their freshly squeezed music segment.
Most recently, the ladies have sat down with Van Lathen, Robert Glasper and Durema Kessen.
So be sure to stay up and see the thing is catch some of these new episodes that are coming out.
Follow and subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple Podcasts or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday and visuals are available on YouTube Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Check it out.
Guys, I don't know about you, but it's 5 p.m. in the sun is setting right there, Ryan.
And that can't help but put me into impressive state, right?
It's seasonal or otherwise.
I mean, not everyone looks forward to the Hollywood season.
That's all the time.
The holiday season, rather.
Maybe people do struggle with seasonal blues.
Maybe, you know, it's hard to go home and see family or maybe you're not going home to see family.
And that's hard in a different way.
But in any case, this time a year can be a lot.
And it's natural to feel some sadness or anxiety surrounding it.
Of course, right?
But adding something new and positive to your life can be,
I don't know, sort of counteractive to those feelings.
And therapy can be that thing.
It can be a bright spot amid all the stress and change.
Something to look forward to and to make you feel grounded.
Something that gives you the tools you need to manage everything that's going on, right?
I'm in therapy every week twice a week now, actually.
So that's where I'm at.
And it's very helpful to have like a forum to talk about, you know, things that you're anxious about,
afraid of stressed about whether it's career, family, friends, relationships, et cetera.
And I wouldn't, I can't recommend it enough.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy, did better help a try?
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any time.
For no additional charge.
Find your bright spot this season with better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's better help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
Welcome to diving into Blumenfeld.
Oh, god.
My mind, I'm like, oh, finally a segment I can take some mental rest while other people talk.
And then you went straight into diving into Blumenfeld.
You can still take some rest.
We're going to be commenting on your younger self.
Here we go.
This is an interview from 2008, I think.
Yeah.
It says the title of the video is a mirror Blumenfeld interview that 2008.
My name is Amir Blumenfeld.
I am 25 years old.
This is when I was 8.
By the time you see this, I may be 26.
That's also part of why I brought it up.
You start the interview by saying, my name is a mirror.
Sorry, let me do my mirror.
My name is Amir Blumenfeld, and I'm 25.
You guys even see this or like, because we got two people.
Two people.
It's really small.
Can you hear any of it?
I doubt that you definitely can't hear now.
Yeah, I can't hear.
I'm going to edit the audio just for a second here.
Yeah, for Joel and Emma to weigh in.
Yeah.
For Joel.
Well, let me start.
Because now they can manage, right?
Yes.
That you heard.
Okay.
So this is, yeah, this is this.
You start the video by saying, you think you'll keep that part in?
Nope.
My name is Amir Blumenfeld.
I am 25 years old.
Though by the time you see this, I may be 26.
I'm in the exact same part of my life right now.
I'm 25, but by the time this episode comes out, I'll be 26.
Oh, interesting.
It's kind of amazing.
But will I live to see 24?
What's that?
It's a coolios song.
Okay.
Anyway, I thought that we could sort of go through a green sweater.
In a way, that's a hood of you, not a sweater, but yeah.
Basically, I thought that we...
I thought we could go through the interview.
It's like 20 minutes long.
Criticize your answers.
Wow.
And then I would also answer suit.
And then in terms of Joel and Emma.
They can sort of dive into Blumenfeld.
Take that off.
Yeah.
All right.
Here we go.
Are you guys ready for diving into Blumenfeld,
Do you understand the segment?
I understand.
Okay.
I was born in Israel, moved to California at H2, moved to New York at H22.
And now I work for collegehemer.com, which is a humor website that is responsible for producing
original content in terms of video articles and pictures.
And I work with CHTV specifically, which is our original video department.
Here's what I'll say about that answer.
I feel like you answered it.
Like you were trying to embellish an answer on a test.
Hmm.
You could just say what you do.
You don't think like you.
You don't even?
Yeah.
It was like for a call.
This guy was like a college humor intern.
And he's like, I need to do a three camera set up interview as part of my class.
Can I interview you?
And then I'll submit it as like a homework for the class.
So I'm like, okay, sure.
And he's like, I'll just ask you questions.
You answer and I'll edit them later.
Okay.
Well, I don't know why you put it on YouTube though.
Yeah.
It is for me to give really like mundane answers to stuff with like three different cameras.
Bopping on the different lines.
As if you're saying something really dramatic.
Yeah.
Jeff, you're answering?
My answer is that I was born in Cleveland in Ohio, moved to Los Angeles, California,
when I was 17.
I've lived 200%.
Um.
Okay.
What do I do?
I host a podcast on the podcast network.
And I, uh, so a lot of like sort of similarities.
No, because let's try my own college humor.
Yeah.
I'm just saying where we are in our lives.
Do you think a green hoodie would be the green sweater of your day?
Uh, no, I wasn't like super stylish.
I still wear hoodies.
I'm currently wearing a hoodie.
Yeah, but that's a good hoodie.
That's a hoodie that you could give down to your, um, future wife.
And what do you think about, um,
What do I think about what?
I don't know what's going on.
So what do you mean what do I do?
The hoodie, the question.
Yes.
All of it.
All of the above.
Interview.
I wasn't really looking at the.
The hoodie, but, um, we, I don't want it.
It's not bothering you.
I just don't know what I'm being asked.
I first realized that was funny at a young age.
Um, I remember reading just recently a letter that my third grade teacher wrote to me saying that I had a very good sense of humor and that I should keep it up.
I remember in 10th grade, one of my friends went away for a year and came back and said that I was all the sudden like a class clown character,
a jokester in class where usually that I guess previous to that that wasn't the case.
So maybe I realized that was funny at an early age.
I realized that I can make people laugh at a later age and then by college time I was sort of trying to make jokes in terms of writing.
So I would spend time thinking of funny articles or, uh, funny videos that I could make that could make a wider audience laugh.
Not, not bad.
We're totally shit.
You ace that one.
I'm going to talk about their elementary school teacher though, telling them they like can't do something.
Actually, I think you're pretty funny.
Eight-year-olds keep it up.
I remember that letter.
Like, she wrote everyone a letter at the end of the year.
It was like, I'm here at the very same thing on everyone's keep it up.
And we all turned out to be successful comedian.
It was incredible.
It was me and Michael Sarah and Jonah Hill.
We all attended the same third grade.
Which was on in Hill.
What's that?
And Cohen.
And Cohen, yeah.
Who might have kept it up a bit too much.
Very good.
You're fired for that, but very funny.
Keep it up.
I loved that answer from you.
I thought it was concise.
I thought it was descriptive.
I thought that it was worthy of the age.
Oh, word.
My third grade teacher's son ended up being my first theatrical agent.
Very senseless.
Third grade teacher's son.
Yeah.
Is he older or younger than you?
He's older.
And then you moved to LA.
And he was like, oh, my mom is your third grade teacher.
No, we discovered it in the meeting.
Where are you from?
Oh, oh, me too.
Where in Ohio?
So sugar and falls.
Oh, where'd you go to school?
Told to my high school or my school.
My mom was like, my mom taught there.
I said, who's your mom?
And she said, Mrs. Davis.
And I was like, there's no way.
I knew it was your teacher.
Well.
Who was from Baltimore, actually?
I'm Belly's the famous last story.
No, yeah.
Do you guys remember your third grade teacher's name?
Yeah.
You do?
I remember all of my elementary school teachers do.
All of them first grade.
Second grade.
You remember their names?
Yeah.
Why?
That was my fourth grade teacher.
Joel, are you in the same boat?
You remember their name?
For some reason, the third grade is drawing a blank.
But first grade.
Second grade.
Miss Denzel.
Fourth grade.
Miss Rothrock.
Fifth grade.
Doctor.
Former.
Oh, my god.
Yeah.
Doctors.
Teaching.
Over quality.
Yeah.
Do you know what else does that mean?
Were you like up in their calling or doctor?
She insisted on being called doctor.
Whoa.
So.
See, this is why I do these segments.
No.
We didn't try to rescue them.
You know what else?
Because you get interesting.
We get into stuff.
We have because I asked them.
We learned one of them.
We just fucking get embarrassed.
We're going to get back to that.
It's not about embarrassment, by the way.
I just congratulated you asked on a second question.
Moving on.
Of course, a lot of the first ones are terrible, but that's how it goes when you
make stuff.
The first anything you make is going to be awful.
And then you gradually get better until you die.
I get my ideas.
I wouldn't say it's a specific place.
That it's always from the front page of the New York Times.
It's just joking.
I get my ideas.
I think I'm influenced comedically by lots of the television that I watch growing up.
Simpson, Seinfeld, sort of mid-90s Saturday Night Live.
It taught me how to think sort of absurdly and creatively and originally about jokes that people
were making.
So rather than thinking of basic jokes, which I was into as like a six, seven, eight year old,
you know, 101 ghost jokes.
I was learning to make jokes on jokes.
So trying to take my comedy to a non-expected punchline.
I forgot the question, but I hope that there's an answer somewhere in there.
Can I ask?
Do you ever yearn for this time in your life?
BB-25.
Yeah.
I romanticized living in New York and working for college humor.
But in my mind, it's my current age.
Not like this version of myself.
Okay.
So you romanticized it, but you want to go back now.
Yes, exactly.
I want to be the version of myself that I know and am currently, but living as a 22 year old in New York.
Got it.
Joel, how do you feel about the way that I'm your answer to this question?
And then we'll move on to the next segment, obviously.
I meant this.
I don't even need to start.
So like if you say pass, we'll just move on to the next segment.
So I accept there's a lot of stuff we need to dive into in that answer.
Pass.
All right.
Nine times out of ten.
They're not the ones getting their skulls cracked open.
So they, like, as well.
Thank you.
Listen.
You can watch TV.
The activists.
They love a massive police tape that knows whether or not you order plans
Seapills online.
So never forget that guys.
You can serve it around with that.
I've never heard a plan see.
Yeah.
Same.
Interesting.
Oh, yeah.
Come back with a gun.
Pass, I said.
This is Jeferty.
Right.
Let's talk about the new show.
Monchi.
Monchi style.
I just wanted to give you an option slash opportunity to promote the show.
Right.
To maybe get some of our listeners to listen to your show.
Yeah.
Which I feel like cross promo.
We were talking about.
This is that David Cross promo.
Because I feel like it's the head gun podcast.
Yeah.
And then it's like segments.
So like every segments listener listens to the head gun podcast.
But I just wanted to lend some of our audience to you.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
I don't think that's true.
I understand what you're saying.
Tell us what the show is.
Why it aired when it did and who hosted and who.
So to answer your last question first.
Yes.
Who is me?
Okay.
And Jake.
When it aired when it does is every Monday after Jake's paternity leave expired.
So we're back.
And what the show is is segments, which is like a show kind of like.
Not unlike the head gun podcast.
There's different segments.
But we're a little more structured.
And to that end, I thought that we could play a game from segments.
Okay.
That's cool.
Which is the only recurring segment so far on segments, which is poetry or poems.
It's poetry or no, it's true.
Poetry or no, it's true.
So I thought that we could all play this.
Have you guys heard about this?
This is also central and I must start listening to this.
But it's hard because it requires writing a poem.
Well, I've done that.
I've played the game here.
I see.
So this is three.
I've written one of them.
And I really don't think you're going to be able to figure out which one it is.
Wow.
Okay.
Let's try.
All right.
So here we go.
You guys have to come to a consensus too.
This is called clown.
Yours.
Next.
Fool in my.
Oh my.
I really wanted to say it's yours right away.
The amusement of the masses.
They're stupid laughter pushes me here.
This is the.
The more absurd my play equals grimace.
The equals the more I rumble resentfully.
The shrieks grow shriller.
I feel as the dog does the lash.
That weaponless tugs on his leash.
Agony convulses with suffering.
My soul weeps and death in morning.
Pral.
Got it.
So just to clarify, are the other two poems award-winning poems
or just anything anyone published or one ones?
They are poems written by poets.
I don't know if they were award-winning.
A little more profession.
Yeah.
Also, I could just because Emma, you're also produced one of the last episodes of
the segments.
What's the difference between the energy and that room versus the energy in this room?
Why is it so much more dull?
Wait, wait.
Which ones more dull?
You're saying segments is dull?
This is dull.
LA.
I don't I mean think of the one.
It's a factor.
That was not present that it's now, I mean.
All right.
Very good.
This one's called this room, which I think is pertinent to what you just said.
Grimmace equals joy.
It was Grimmace equals the more I rumble.
Okay.
This room.
The room I entered was a dream of this room.
Surely all those feet on the sofa were mine.
The oval portrait of a dog was me at an early age.
The oval portrait of a dog.
Something shimmers, something is hushed up.
We had macaroni for lunch every day, except Sunday.
When a small quail was induced to be served to us.
Why do I tell you these things?
You're not even here.
I definitely don't think you wrote that one.
And I don't think you wrote the first one either.
You don't think I wrote the first one?
I don't.
I think the most reason one might have been you.
Really?
I want to hear the third one.
Yeah.
They did talk about inducing a quail to eat it.
To have it thus.
All right.
This is proximity to dull.
You wrote all three.
That's definitely in play.
That I wrote all three.
Bombastic socks adorn this manji crack.
Oh, already.
Or rather dork.
Or rather dorky husband.
Seeing urologist nuspim.
Like the nuspim.
The guy's name?
No.
Or yeah.
Depression ought to be set him or at least he'd be in debt vim.
Mazda's oils good to have.
Yeah.
So that is my address.
I will say probably wrote the last one.
If not all three of them quite frankly.
Joel.
Do you think that you wrote the third one?
And you made some edits to the first two.
That's really good.
Emma?
I was going to say the third, but then you're thus found thing for me off.
You seemingly not knowing if it was a name or not.
No, he knew.
He knew.
Yeah.
There's also my address in it.
Kind of a dead giveaway.
I don't think a mirror knows any other poets.
Okay.
Not that would write about me.
Third is correct.
The first one is clown by Fritz Asher,
which is just Cohen's son, but like on the Fritz.
Yeah.
And then this room was written by John Ashbury.
A lot of ash.
Proximity to dull.
Proximity to dull is by me.
You liked the second one, Emma?
I did.
I loved John Ashbury though.
Oh, you know him.
I thought all of them were written.
I think he's like the best.
Um, or he's like considered the best.
Poet.
The last like hundred years or something.
Oh, wow.
I think I agree.
And I think all three were amazing.
Yeah.
Do you think he's read Proximity to dull?
You want to read through those?
Which one?
So you can understand what it's about.
You over the wall.
Proximity to dull.
Okay.
It's called Proximity to dull.
Uh, this is this poem.
Bombastic socks.
Adorn this mangy crack.
Or rather, dorky husband.
Seeing urologist, nuspum.
Hmm.
Depression ought to be set him.
Or at least he'd be in debt with him.
What's them?
Like them or bigger?
What's nuspum?
That's a doctor or urologist.
But if you're making him up, shouldn't it rhyme with husband?
It's nothing rhymes with husband that would work for the poem other than nuspum.
No, it could be any name that you choose because you made up the name.
Yeah, but nuspum is a real word.
It's a real name.
It's a real surname.
Is that urologist?
That's Samir's urologist.
I have to assume.
Mazda's oil.
Good to have.
Yeah.
My address again.
So you're going to have to want to bleep it both of those times.
Yeah.
Can you just say for the record though that it does rhyme?
It does.
That part read.
So bombastic socks.
Are you wearing bombas?
No.
But you're often do.
Why should have asked what he got socks are loud?
What do you guys think this poem's about?
Me?
Pretty good.
I think you're diving into Blumenfeld.
Oh, I have about to dive dull.
In that way, one segment kind of weaves into the net.
Exactly.
A tapestry worn and shorn.
Loven forever.
Yeah.
It's really giving like fridge poem.
Like it's really giving like poetry foundation for the day.
Like the words that are left and you're kind of.
Yeah.
It's kind of just like front page of the New York Times.
Holy shit.
He's the best seller.
You even make the same joke that I'm here main in the video.
But I'm best actually.
Because you often wear bombas.
I wear balaga socks actually.
A door in this mangy crack.
You've already read the poem.
Yeah.
I know, but none of you guys are applying it to a mirror.
Or rather a door.
About his ass crack?
Yeah.
It's like plumbers crack in a way.
And you think I put socks there?
I.
I would like to put a bombas suck there.
Kind of plug it.
Not your ass.
Just like the plumbers crack part of it.
Speaking of plugs.
Joel, what do you got going on?
What do you want to point the people towards the four zeros?
Everyone should listen to David Cross's new show.
Got it.
Emma?
Tell us really doing my job for me.
Nothing.
You can follow me on Instagram at Emma Rosefully.
Senses working over time.
Yeah.
When is the next census?
And can I not be counted?
Because I want to go ghost mode.
No.
I don't think it will work for me.
Senses work for James on Instagram.
We'll see you at the next weekend.
Think.
Unfortunately.
Yeah.
Segment.
Segment's back.
Yeah.
Every Monday.
Okay.
Senses working over time.
Hosted by David Cross.
Coming ahead.
December.
That's the name of his show.
Yes.
Audio.
And YouTube shows him on the official David Cross channel.
It's also what happened when I heard proximity to dull.
That was a hit dumb original.
Senses working over time.